spin town here we go champions of
kamigawa alright guys so there's a
there's quite a few tasties in champions
when you have a defining top which is
pretty good uncommon so the chance that
during the fact that there's a three
chances to get that it's pretty cool a
glue civ nature would be amazing but so
we got a callous deceiver arashi ranger
commie of the waning moon call to glory
lava spike floating dreams oubre
vigilance desperate ritual pretty sweet
wandering ones the hell is that cage of
hands yeah ma boo she's flame got a
blind with anger as our first uncommon
conda's hot Tomata tomorrow Oh artist
what the only one comment feared alright
there's only two own comments look at a
time stop six instant and the turn all
right and a foil condos hot dog emoto
conda's ha tomahto so yeah that was it
all that great this ritual and Lammas
biker pretty cool yeah hey guys if you
liked this video do me a huge favor hit
the subscribe button also feel free to
click on the videos down below to see
other great content my channel has to
offer I can't promise you that it's
gonna be entertaining I can't promise
you that it'll be educational and then
to learn something but I can't make you
one promise and that is at every single
video I upload will have at least one
fat person in it
you